This game would not have been possible with out the following people/projects.
They are not listed in any particular order.

SDL* - www.libsdl.org
----
SDL truely is a Simple API which makes writing a game like this very easy.
Thanks to the SDL project I was able to spend the majority of my time
working on the game itself and very little time trying to figure out cryptic
drawing functions.  Plus, by having it cross platform enabled me to flip
back and forth from developing on Linux to developing on Windows with 
absolutely no change to my actual code.  

Scons - www.scons.org
-----
I am not a big fan of Makefiles and even less of a fan of shell scripting.
Thanks to the power of Scons with Python I was able to very easily create
a cross platform build enviornment.  

Boost - www.boost.org
----
I am looking forward to the day when the Boost libraries are a part of
STL and not something which needs to be installed externally.  Boost is
amazing and rock solid.  Every time I learn a new boost library I am amazed
beyond belief.  Although I was able to understand Spirit enough to write
my parser I don't think I have begun to even scratch the surface of what
this library can do.

InkScape - www.inkscape.org
--------
A very cool tool which I am just starting to become proficient in.  Inkscape
was used to draw almost all of my images.

GIMP - www.gimp.org
----
An excellent graphics manipulation program which I used to paint the
inkscape drawing images onto the bricks.  Gimp also helped in touching
up the background images and taking screen shots of my game for posting.

LGames by Michael Speck - lgames.sourceforge.net
-----------------------
In addition to wasting several hours of my time, most of my sounds
are stolen from the game LBreakout2.  The only exception being the
laser sound when a ball hits a brick which I stole from OpenOffice.
LGames also served as inspiration to me when I was considering writing
Rebound and again as a resource for ideas when I was getting stuck.

OpenOffice - www.openoffice.org 
---------- 
As mentioned above, I just stole the laser.wav sound from this project
mostly because it was installed on my Linux box and the laser sounded
good.  However, unrelated to Rebound, I have used OpenOffice extensively 
in the past and love it.

MinGW - www.mingw.org
-----
My installing MinGW on my laptop I was able to work on Rebound on the
go.  A very nice Unix like environment on Windows.

Emacs - www.gnu.org/software/emacs
-----
My editor of choice for Unix and Windows.

GCC - gcc.gnu.org
---
Free compiler used on both Linux and Windows to compile Rebound.

Level Writers
-------------
I am very thankful to the following people for helping to write additional
levels.
   Quentin Crain
   Tobin Zerba

